Add delay option (#2)
elastic/mock-es: README.md

| -addr string        | address to listen on ip:port (default ":9200")                                                |
| -clusteruuid string | Cluster UUID of Elasticsearch we are mocking, needed if beat is being monitored by metricbeat |
| -metrics duration   | Interval to print metrics to stdout, 0 is no metrics                                          |

> | -delay duration     | Golang Duration to wait before processing API request, 0 is no delay                          |

Reviewer: It might be a bit of a nit-pick, but it's Go, not Golang, also referencing `time.Duration` directly looks more clear to me. What do you think?

```suggestion
| -delay duration     | Go `time.Duration` to wait before processing API request, 0 is no delay                          |
```

The same goes to the CLI help message.

Author: I likeit. I added it to both `-delay` and `-metrics`.
